---
title: Axway CLI 2.0.0 GA release notes - 22 January 2021
linkTitle: Axway CLI 2.0.0 GA release notes - 22 January 2021
description: About this release
weight: 10
date: 2021-01-23
---

This is the initial release of the {{% variables/axway_cli_prod_name %}}, formerly Amplify CLI. {{% variables/axway_cli_prod_name %}} 2.0.0 GA - 22 January 2021 is a major release that includes new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

## Installation

```
npm i -g axway
```

## New Features

* auth: Added platform flag to `axway auth list` output.
* cli: Added update notification if a new {{% variables/axway_cli_prod_name %}} version is available.
* config: Added proxy info to config help.
* general: Added support for event "actions" to `auth`, `config`, and `pm` commands.
* pm: Added "unmanaged" flag to `axway pm list` output.

## Improvements

* auth: `axway auth switch` will only do organization selection for platform accounts and not service accounts.
* auth: Reworked the `axway auth switch` command to use the web browser to switch organization instead of prompting in the terminal.
* auth: Added missing `--service` login flag when using `--client-secret`.
* auth: Added missing `--base-url`, `--client-id`, and `--realm` to login command.
* auth: Updated all organization references to use the org guid instead of the org id.
* auth: `axway auth logout` no longer requires `--all` when account name(s) not specified.
* config: Do not show the banner for `axway config` related commands.
* general: Adopted the Axway style guide for consistent user experience.
* general: Improved HTTP proxy support including self-signed certs.
* pm: Added support for running a package's npm uninstall script for `axway pm purge` and `axway pm uninstall` commands.
* pm: Fixed selecting or uninstalling package with a label in the package version.
* pm: `axway pm use` outputs all package info when `--json` flag is set.
* pm: Only managed packages can be purged or uninstalled.

## Breaking Changes

* auth: Refactored the authenticated account data structure and moved the authentication related properties into an auth property.
* cli: Moved data directory from `~/.axway/amplify-cli` to `~/.axway/axway-cli`.
* config: Moved the {{% variables/axway_cli_prod_name %}} config file from `~/.axway/amplify-cli.json` to `~/.axway/axway-cli/config.json`.
* config: `axway config` command does not return current value when doing a `set`, `push`, or `unshift`.
* config: `axway config list` command no longer supports filtering; use `config get` instead.
* config: Return `"OK"` instead of "Saved" for write operations such as set.
* general: Require Node.js 10.19.0 or newer.
* general: Removed `success` flag from all CLIs with `--json` output. Callers should rely on exit code.
* general: Renamed `message` to `error` in JSON error output.

For a complete list of changes, please refer to the developer [changelog](https://github.com/appcelerator/amplify-tooling/blob/master/docs/Release%20Notes/Axway%20CLI%202.0.0.md).
