---
title: Axway CLI 2.2.0 GA release notes - 30 July 2021
linkTitle: Axway CLI 2.2.0 GA release notes - 30 July 2021
weight: 10
date: 2021-07-30
---

{{% variables/axway_cli_prod_name %}} 2.2.0 GA - 30 July 2021 is a minor release that includes new features and improvements.

## Installation

```
npm i -g axway
```

## New Features

* cli: Checks if any installed CLI extension packages have updates available and prints them at the end of a command whenever the banner is rendered.
* cli: Add support for authenticating into a service account, then upgrade to a platform account using the platform tooling credentials.
* oum: Show list of org teams.
* pm: `purge` and `update` commands will show the affected packages and prompt to continue. Also added the `-y, --yes` flag to bypass the prompt.

## Improvements

* auth: Remove `--service` flag and treat `--client-secret` auth flows to be headless.
* cli: Added unsupported architecture and 32-bit architecture deprecation warning to banner.
* cli: Added "install Axway Central CLI" to post install next steps verbiage.
* cli: Running as sudo will properly apply parent directory ownership.
* oum: Render activity changes correctly.
* oum: Support for package bundles and unlimited SaaS.
* oum: Removed child organizations from `org view`.
* pm: Removed registry server integration in favor of querying npm directly.
* pm: Show package name and version during install steps.
* pm: Return `null` instead of `undefined` when specifying `--json` if package not found.
* pm: Fixed race condition that clobbered config when registering installing multiple CLI extensions.

For a complete list of changes, please refer to the developer [changelog](https://github.com/appcelerator/amplify-tooling/blob/master/docs/Release%20Notes/Axway%20CLI%202.2.0.md).
